Update hystrix.md (#236)
SteeltoeOSS/Documentation: api/v3/circuitbreaker/hystrix.md

}
```

> Each command needs to inherit from `HystrixCommand` or `HystrixCommand<T>` and override and implement the inherited and protected `RunAsync()` method. Optionally, you can also override and implement the inherited method `RunFallbackAsync()` method. In the above simple example the two provided lambdas provide each of those two methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each command needs to inherit from `HystrixCommand` or `HystrixCommand<T>` and override and implement the inherited and protected `RunAsync()` method. Optionally, you can also override and implement the inherited method `RunFallbackAsync()` method. The simple example above provides lambdas for each of those two methods.
```

}
```

#### Netflix Hystrix Dashboard

Once you have made the changes described earlier, you can then use the Netflix Hystrix Dashboard by following these instructions:

##### Run Hystrix Dashboard with Docker

> There are a few images available on Docker Hub that provide basic Hystrix Dashboard functionality. This example has been tested:

Reviewer: I don't think `steeltoeoss/hystrix-dashboard` is intended (or supported) for production usage, is it? Is there a note we should add here about a production-approved route?

Author: Updated
